README.md, before:

# TokuLab #

<!--
Author: Mao Ouyang
Date:   2018-01-26
Email:  einooumo@hotmail.com
-->

Homepage of Tokunaga Laboratory at the University of Tokyo

## Navbar ##

Use the bootstrap style

## Intro ##

The layout of the brief introduction is finished with the grid system (12 column)

_How to export full size svg by inkscape_
+ select the objectives
+ Open the document properties window
+ "Resize page to drawing or selection"
+ Save, or save as, or save as a copy

The introduction part with the slide show is finished. 

## News ##

The frame had been added

## Perspective students ##

Few words about perspective students with more detailed information necessary

## Footer ##

Footer style uses the freebie style with modified css file


### News ###

Example of news page is finished with the news of 2018 BD lecture

### People ###

The page for the profile of Tokunaga-sensei has been updated
The member list page has been updated

### Publication  ###

Publication page had roughly updated by the documents provided by sensei
Revision on the order is necessary

### Research  ###

Added the contents from previous pages

### About  ###

The map has been added. 
Log can be added to show the logging state of the webpage

### Activities ###

2017 field excursion is added.
Previous activities needed to be included.

## To do list ##

- The collapse of the navigation bar when the screen size changes
- The footer is not sticky on the bottom of the screen
- The pictures in the index page is not clickable / modal style
- The slides in the index page could be revised to add more contents
- The contents and photos in the index page needs improvement.
- Add the email address of students
- Revise the location in the "about" page [google account limit]
- ------
- Add the field excursion of previous years.
- Add the detailed access to the laboratory office. 
- More decoration from Honda-san. 

## Logging  ##

2018-10-24    The frame of homepage was finished. (Mao)
2018-10-25    First check by Honda-san. (Mao)

Commit message:

Field excursion, access map finished. Next improve research contents.

README.md, after:

# TokuLab #

<!--
Author: Mao Ouyang
Date:   2018-01-26
Email:  einooumo@hotmail.com
-->

Homepage of Tokunaga Laboratory at the University of Tokyo

## Navbar ##

Use the bootstrap style

## Intro ##

The layout of the brief introduction is finished with the grid system (12 column)

_How to export full size svg by inkscape_
+ select the objectives
+ Open the document properties window
+ "Resize page to drawing or selection"
+ Save, or save as, or save as a copy

The introduction part with the slide show is finished. 

## News ##

The frame had been added

## Perspective students ##

Few words about perspective students with more detailed information necessary

## Footer ##

Footer style uses the freebie style with modified css file


### News ###

Example of news page is finished with the news of 2018 BD lecture

### People ###

The page for the profile of Tokunaga-sensei has been updated
The member list page has been updated

### Publication  ###

Publication page had roughly updated by the documents provided by sensei
Revision on the order is necessary

### Research  ###

Added the contents from previous pages

### About  ###

The map has been added. 
Log can be added to show the logging state of the webpage

### Activities ###

2017 field excursion is added.
Previous activities needed to be included.

## To do list ##

- The collapse of the navigation bar when the screen size changes
- The footer is not sticky on the bottom of the screen
- The pictures in the index page is not clickable / modal style
- The slides in the index page could be revised to add more contents
- The contents and photos in the index page needs improvement.
- Add the email address of students
- Revise the location in the "about" page [google account limit]
- ------
- Add the field excursion of previous years. [Finished]
- Add the detailed access to the laboratory office. [Finished]
- More decoration from Honda-san. 

## Logging  ##

2018-10-24    The frame of homepage was finished. (Mao)

2018-10-25    First check by Honda-san. (Mao)

2018-10-26    Previous field excursion added, together with the detailed access map. (Mao)
